Your project uses Netlify Identity (Deprecated)
Your project is currently using Netlify Identity, which is now deprecated. Existing implementations will continue to function, but we no longer provide support for Identity-related issues.

We recommend exploring the Auth0 extension for more features and future support. If you would like to migrate, you can contact support to receive a secure export of your Identity data, including hashed passwords.

Contact Support

Learn more about this change

Install Auth0
Overview
API endpoint: https://stratusweather1.netlify.app/.netlify/identity

Learn more about Identity in the docs

Identity audit log
Users
Manage and invite users

Registered users
Search users
Search users

Invite users
L
Lukas Esterhuizen
esterhuizen2k@proton.me
No role set
Created at 3:24 PM (10 minutes ago)
Registration
Configure how visitors can register and log in to your project or app

Registration preferences
Registration is open.

Learn more about registration preferences in the docs

Configure
External providers
Allow users to register and log in with external OAuth providers.
Add provider
Emails
Customize the emails sent during user registration and other actions

Outgoing email address
Connect your third-party email provider to send invitations, confirmations, and password reset emails from a custom address.
Sender email address
Using default address: no-reply@netlify.com
SMTP server host
Not set
SMTP server port
Using default port: 587
Server login username
Not set
Server login password
Not set
Learn more about custom email configuration in the docs

Configure
Invitation template
The email sent to invite a user to sign up.
Subject
You've been invited to join stratusweather1.netlify.app
Path to template
Using built-in Invitation template
Configure
Confirmation template
The email sent to verify an account’s email address when a new user signs up.
Subject
Verify your email for stratusweather1.netlify.app
Path to template
Using built-in Confirmation template
Autoconfirm
No
Configure
Recovery template
The email sent when a user forgets their password to help them set up a new one.
Subject
Reset your password for stratusweather1.netlify.app
Path to template
Using built-in Recovery template
Configure
Email change template
The email sent to verify an account’s new email address when a user changes their email.
Subject
Verify your new sign-in email for stratusweather1.netlify.app
Path to template
Using built-in Email change template
Configure
Services
Add functionality to your project or project by enabling these services

Git Gateway
Netlify’s Git Gateway connects your project to GitHub’s API. This allows users of tools like Decap CMS to work with content, branches, and pull requests without needing a GitHub account.

Learn more about Git Gateway in the docs

Enable Git Gateway